AFC-Playoff-Pic-DEC-4
=====================

Lets start with the AFC. As some of you know there are 5 teams that are 7-5. All of these teams are in the hunt except the Miami Dolphins. Miami is also 7-5 after the win over the Jets. You might ask how is Miami the only team in the playoffs if 4 other teams are 7-5. Well, if there are this many teams with a tied record it goes to which ever team has the best record in they're division. Miami has a very good division record of 4-1. Miami is the sixth seed and is trying to hold on to it because they have not been in the playoffs for 5 years straight. 5 seed in the AFC is the San Diego Chargers at 8-4. The Chargers just came off of a win off of the Ravens. They basically destroyed the chances of the Ravens getting in the playoffs. Now the ravens are just playing for pride unless they beat the Miami Dolphins this week. In the fourth seed is Andrew Luck and the Indianapolis Colts at 8-4. They beat the Chargers and thats why they are ahead of them. In the fourth seed are the Cincinati Bengals with a record of 8-3-1. Bengals are strugling to keep their position in the playoffs but just might make it. In the second seed is the Denver Broncos. Broncos are one of the best teams in the NFL and will definitely make it with their record of 9-3. In the first seed for the first time in a while are the New England Patriots. The Patriots are also 9-3 but have the tie breaker off of the Broncos. Most NFL experts say that the Patriots will make it to the Super Bowl.
